---
date: 2024-03-12 20:59:34
layout: post
title: "AT Blog: Day 1"
subtitle: 'Parting is Such Sweet Sorrow'
description:
image: https://i.imgur.com/j4e40xd.jpeg
optimized_image:
category:
tags:
  - blog
  - AT
  - Appalachian Trail
  - Trail
  - Hiking
author: Hudson Brock
paginate: false
---
The first day, to start I will do the approach trail, to the start of the trail on Springer Mountain.

I left for Amicalola Falls and the approach trail to the AT. My family wanted to come and see me off so they were traveling with me. We chatted in the car some, but I was nervous for the arrival.

When we got there I immediately went to the "bootcamp." A presentation by the Georgia Appalachian Trail Conservatory.
Excellent presentation by the GATC. They talked about preventing damage bear hangs, staying cautious of bears and more.

At the end of the presentatiok they hand out hiker tags. A way to both commencerate the start of the journey and for the organization to track how long hikers take. My AT tag number 661.

Once done I got a bunch of photos at the arch with my family. The arch represents the start of the approach trail. My brother and father are hiking with me the first few miles, but I go ahead and say goodbye to my mom and older sister.

Unfortunately the main falls trail at Amicalola is still under maintenance so we take a bypass trail. Several people missed the big sign that says main trail closed, we instead have to take west trail up the falls. It's going to be a long trip for them.

I hike up with my brother and father; my brother carried my back a decent bit up the falls with little issue.

Near the top of the falls, I met some trailrunners (they were doing the georgia death march later in the month)

Eventually after 3 to 4 additional miles of hiking I say goodbye to dad. He tells me about how proud he is and that the lord will be with me. My brother follows me for another 10 minutes. He talks about drumming and how he will become battery captain and the head of the quads for marching this year. When we split ways and I blubber like a baby I tell him to tell everyone I love them.

From then I am almost at the top of frosty mountain. I continue to leapfrog with two ladies I meet where I would pass them, then on my break they would pass me. I also met a couple hiking the trail with their dog.

Eventually I make it to black mountain then the shelter then to springer. It was a tough hike up but I'm glad to finish the approach trail, lots of people there including a couple I saw at amicalola. I sign the register then keep moving.

I decide to keep going past springer shelter as I still had energy, so I set my sights on Stover Creek Shelter, 2.8 miles on the AT. The walk is good as it's mostly downhill, refill bottles shortly before the camp and learn the couples trail names Waywalker and Funbee (also dog had a trail name called Moon Bear).

Once in camp I started eating some good food, like nutter butter, instant cook rice and dried potatoes mixed with pemmican and pepperoni. The couple decided to camp there as well.

I met Joyful expert in all things hiking and he hiked the at and pct before. Helped out with peoples inreaches and gave some advice for someone for shoe issues.


At the end of day one, I feel the buzz of excitement, and anxiety about the next steps. I'm nervous about what all is going to happen next, and the people I will meet on trail. I know that I am truly blessed to be out here and cannot wait for the next day.