---
date: 2024-04-01 15:59:34
layout: post
title: "AT Blog: 14 and 15"
subtitle: 'Entering the Smokies'
description:
image: https://i.imgur.com/IRN9gCB.jpeg
optimized_image: 
category:
tags:
  - blog
  - AT
  - Trail
  - Tennessee
  - Hiking
  - Smoky Mountains
  - Fontana Hilton
author: Hudson Brock
paginate: false
---

# Day 14:

Start at Locust cove, I'm hoping to do 18.5 miles today to make it to the Fontana Hilton, just before the Smokies.

I definitely feel tired after yesterday's climb, but I'm able to keep on trucking. The early day has a tough section out of Stecoah gap called Jacob's Ladder. A 800 foot climb in less than half a mile. Not fun.

After it I decide to take a break at Brown Fork shelter and run into Auggie and Lobster! They just finished their own break, they camped near Stecoah last night. They leave and after I take my break I follow them.

At Yellow Creek Gap I run into some trail magic from a guy named Johny Cash. He is following his wife around in an RV as she through hikes the trail. He gives me some snacks, but unfortunately Auggie and Lobster took the last of the cupcakes he had.

The next few miles are slow but eventually I catch up with Auggie and Lobster at the Fontana shelter! It's nicknamed the Hilton due to how luxurious it is. The TVA set up showers with hot water and chargers for hikers. Unfortunately for us, the resteraunt that delivers to the shelter doesn't start operating till the busy season. So I have to prep my own meal.




# Day 15:



I wake up late at the Fontana Hilton. The pleasure of having a hot shower and a running bathroom was great last night. I wait both to relax and hear Auggie and Lobster's plan.

By 9 AM I decide to head out for the dam. The Fontana dam is the highest dam in the US and serves as the bridge into the Smokies.

A note on the Smokies: it is a National Park with stricter backpacking rules, needing permits to stay there. A lot of these rules originate due to the fact it is the busiest park in the US.

The first few miles leading and after the dam are road walks. But soon I get back to true trail and climb up the ridge. The early hike goes up over 2500 feet. It's tough but the weather is cool for it. Eventually I make it to Mollies campsite, where my dad and I froze our butt's a precious November hike.

As I keep going I slowly gain elevation towards Russell Field shelter. I see that Taxi had passed through today, as he signed the trail register. Russell Field is decently busy with a large trail family that had started in mid to late February. And Lobster also shows up! It was nice to have someone I know at the shelter as well.

As it's the Smoky National Park, I'm required to stay in the shelter, so I'm with about a dozen people tonight. 


![Fontana Dam] (https://i.imgur.com/O7CV4KL.jpeg "Fontana Dam")

> *About to cross the dam!*