---
date: 2024-08-24 00:05:05
layout: post
title: "AT Blog: Day 96"
subtitle: 'I'm leaving today...'
description:
image: https://i.imgur.com/sIzV3Zj.jpeg
optimized_image: 
category:
tags:
  - blog
  - AT
  - Trail
  - Hiking
  - New York
  - Rain
  - Connecticut
author: Hudson Brock
paginate: false
---

# Day 96:

Got a good sleep at the shelter, however the rain they predicted in the morning occurred after I woke up. Which is fine but I would have liked to stay in my tent if I knew it wasn't going to rain.

Either way I'm up and out of camp. I quickly cross over the New York-Conneticut state line, being only a mile away from the shelter. It starts to rain for an hour or so, but half of that is just sprinkling.

Today is another Starship Test Flight that I take a break to listen to. It's lower stage successfully had a soft water splash down, meaning they should be ready to test landing it at the pad. Additionally starship itself (the upper half of the rocket) made it to orbit and had a controlled descent back into the Atmosphere. It had some tiles and flaps damaged in the heat up, but it appeared to successfully flip and slow itself down. In the coming days SpaceX will unveil more details about the success of the launch.

 There's some decent hills today but nothing too stressful. About 13 miles in the trail is diverted along the road crossing, to avoid a flooded area. It passes closer to Kent than usual, so I decide to take the walk to town to eat. I do regret it as it took a long time to walk there and back.

I finish up the last miles when the storms roll in around 6 PM. I have to hike the last 2 miles in the rain, but there's plenty of room in the shelter when I get there. I hang up my stuff to dry and meet Rock Bottom a flipflopper from Harper's Ferry and a couple called The Wind and The Rain, who are NOBOs from early February.


![Official] (https://i.imgur.com/WwULkrG.jpeg "The official border of the states, the other sign is just at the road before")

>*The official border of the states, the other sign is just at the road before*