---
date: 2024-02-06 15:59:34
layout: post
title: "Prepping for the AT Part 1"
subtitle: 'And Why Working Out Prior to the Trail Helps so Much'
description:
image: https://res.cloudinary.com/disol99xr/image/upload/v1707946310/IMG_8990_k6q5vl.jpg
optimized_image: https://res.cloudinary.com/disol99xr/image/upload/v1707946310/IMG_8990_lowres_wt2u1p.jpg
category:
tags:
  - welcome
  - blog
  - AT
  - Appalachian Trail
  - Trail
  - Hiking
author: Hudson Brock
paginate: false
---

So you decided to hike the entirety of the Appalachian Trail.... *now what?*

Well that was a question I had to answer when I graduated college. No more milling about no more focusing on a degree, instead it was time to get ready to head out. I had graduated in December of 2023, with an initial departure date at the start of March. That meant I had a little under 3 months to everything ready.

I approached the issue from three angles

1. Getting in physical shape
2. Getting all my gear together
3. Getting mentally prepared

The next few blog posts will be focusing on a different aspect. This post focuses on...

## Getting into Physical Shape

Getting into shape for a long duration through hike is harder then people imagine. Hiking over 2000 miles is considered an extreme sport. Hiking over difficult terrain with a 30 something pound pack on burns a significant amount of calories. The long duration of hiking leads to thousands of calories burnt everyday. 

> *This site has a good calculator for expected calories burned to those interested [backpackerspantry.com](https://backpackerspantry.com/blogs/news/how-many-calories-does-hiking-burn)*

So jumping from couch potato to burning through over three thousand calories a day is probably not a good plan. So I decided to start walking to the local park, at a nearby elementary school. Most of the walk is paved, with the park walk beig gravel itself. So while it was not physically challenging it certainly stretched my legs. Soon I started adding weight to my shoulders, beginning with 10 pounds working up to 25 pounds. The logic here was to build up my shoulder muscles to the point I would hardly notice the pack on anymore.