---
date: 2024-03-21 18:59:34
layout: post
title: "AT Blog: Day 6"
subtitle: 'First Hostel!'
description:
image: https://i.imgur.com/t3diGH6.jpeg
optimized_image:
category:
tags:
  - blog
  - AT
  - Appalachian Trail
  - Trail
  - Hiking
  - Hostel
author: Hudson Brock
paginate: false
---

Early morning at Tray Shelter. The views from last night are gone, hidden by the fog rolling in. Today I soend my first night at a hostel on trail! I also splurged and got a private room, but I don't feel too bad since most other people have already been to a hostel.

I still have 11 miles to hike, but there is only one big hill at Kelly's Knob. The day isn't too long, and eventually I make it to Dicks Creek, where a road leads to the hostel.

Additionally my parents decided to visit! They live pretty close by so it wasn't a bad drive for them. They also brought some treats for everyone. My mom cooked a pasta with spinach and sun dried tomatoes and kept it warm in an instant pot. Everyone wanted some and there was plenty. It was a good break from all the hot dogs and burgers most trail magic supplies.

After everyone had their full and split to various hostels and shelters, my parents drove me to the hostel, I got checked in, put on some fresh clothes and we went to dinner (hiker hunger kicking in). 

After great tacos at the Tilted Cafe, my parents drive me back to the hostel. After they give me treats and ressuplies (including pemmican for my meals!), we part ways. I'm very blessed to have family supporting me in this journey.

After they are gone, I chat with some of the hikers staying there too, Half Pint is there, as well as another hiker I met at Gooch Gap. We chat about our reasons for the trail and about the crummy weather.

Eventually I hit the bed. It feels great to be able to sleep in a real bed again.

https://i.imgur.com/t3diGH6.jpeg